# Live 12 Release Notes
## 12.4 Release Notes
May 5, 2026

### New Features and Improvements

#### Link Audio

Link Audio is the the new feature which enables users to stream audio or receive audio via Wifi or Ethernet. This allows peers to connect devices using the Link feature available at the top left corner of the screen. In the Preferences menu, Link is displayed now it its separate tab, which includes features like showing the Link toggle on at the top left of your screen and enabling audio streaming. 

A separate Link page has been added to Live's Settings. By going to the Preferences menu and navigating to the Link tab, you will find here, in the Control Bar at the bottom the available devices or peer you can connect to, along with their device name, status and buffer information. The Link Audio devices available can now be seen in the Input section of the selected Track.

Sending and receiving audio is now possible with the Link feature. To send or receive audio, make sure that the feature is enabled on all the particpating devices and that you have selected the correct Audio Driver and Source in your Audio tab. Once all connected, your device is now discoverable for other devices connected on the same network. To receive audio, you can navigate to your desired audio track and change the input source to one of the available devices on your network. By arming the track, you can now record audio from your peers device.

The dedicated Link page includes new features:

- Audio - Enable the Audio toggle to activate Link Audio. Make sure the Link toggle in the Control Bar is also enabled before sending or receiving audio.

- Name** — Enter the name shown to connected peers.

- Latency — Sets the input latency applied to audio received from peers. Adjust based on your network performance and workflow. The current buffered amount for each peer appears in the Peers list and updates as you adjust the slider.

- Sync to Incoming Audio — Enable when monitoring incoming audio from Link Audio peers in Live. When enabled, Live's Link session is delayed by the set latency value. All other peers in the session must have Monitoring Mode set to Off.

- Peers — Lists current Link Audio peers along with their status and buffered amount.

Attention: audio buffer size can effect the quality of your incoming signal, so we recommend for streaming purposes that the receiving devices have a low buffer size and the outputing ones have a higher buffer size. For better quality, we recomend using wired LAN connection with Link Audio. Wi-Fi is supported, but the quality of the audio stream is dependent on the quality and stability of the network. 